describe the use of assets for retailers and suppliers (#59)
akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter: content/md/retailer-onboarder/review-suppliers-propositions/review-new-products.md

As long as you don't validate the proposals for an accepted prereferenced product, it won't appear in your Akeneo PIM.
:::

:::info

> New assets suggested by suppliers are sent in proposals and they are automatically added to the right asset collection when the proposal is accepted. You can then set a label to the asset or change other attribute of the asset like described into [this article](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/manage-asset-families.html).

Reviewer: Rephrase here to remove the link on "this article".

Reviewer: Shouldn't we have a different sentence here than the one we have on content/md/retailer-onboarder/review-suppliers-propositions/review-product-changes.md?
How are the assets managed in the "pre-ref screen"?

:::

:::info

> New assets suggested by suppliers are sent in proposals and they are automatically added to the right asset collection when the new product is accepted. You can [change the asset](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/manage-asset-families.html)(label, other attributes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New assets suggested by suppliers are sent in proposals and they are automatically added to the right asset collection when the new product is accepted. You can [edit the asset attributes](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/manage-asset-families.html) afterward.
```
